alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
gsat     test          1      0.00   0   1         
walksat  test          1      0.00   0   1         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
gsat     test          1      0.00   0   1         
walksat  test          1      0.00   0   13        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
gsat     test          1      0.00   1   2         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   26        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   0   25        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   50        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   2   3         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   0   1         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   14        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   14        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   0   1         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   0   1         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   0   1         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   0   1         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   2   27        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   6   7         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   4   41        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   0   1         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   2   3         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      4.49   NA  NA        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      4.43   NA  NA        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      4.21   NA  NA        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      4.26   NA  NA        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      436.17 NA  NA        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      429.09 NA  NA        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.05   39  490       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.05   27  478       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.04   17  468       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.09   4   905       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.04   15  466       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.05   42  493       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.09   3   904       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.04   4   455       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.08   10  911       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.05   8   459       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.09   9   910       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.05   10  461       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.05   33  484       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat75-1      1      0.15   15  1366      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat75-1      1      0.08   37  713       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat75-1      1      0.14   0   1351      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   2   3         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   0   1         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.04   12  463       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.04   14  465       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.06   130 581       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.05   14  465       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.18   1   1802      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.27   0   2701      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.18   18  1819      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.10   24  925       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.19   29  1830      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.10   14  915       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.29   0   2701      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.19   9   1810      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.09   19  920       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.19   7   1808      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.19   25  1826      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.18   5   1806      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.19   6   1807      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.09   40  941       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.19   1   1802      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.19   7   1808      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.11   149 1050      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.20   0   1801      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.10   36  937       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.19   47  1848      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.29   0   2701      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.19   3   1804      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.10   18  919       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.17   2   1803      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.17   4   1805      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.10   41  942       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.18   0   1801      
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.06   8   609       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.06   1   602       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat100-1     1      0.04   17  318       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.02   16  167       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.03   0   301       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.02   3   154       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.02   15  166       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.03   40  341       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      0.02   1   122       
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      1.39   NA  NA        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      42.22  NA  NA        
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   2   3         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  test          1      0.00   1   2         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      14.29  344 147945    
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      61.23  77  647628    
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      74.54  321 790072    
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
walksat  flat50-1      1      186.28 70  1978271   
alg      instance      rep    t      p   i         
